Welcome to the h l crash course section in this section we're going to learn how to use H Tim L each
time.
It is the main component of what is rendered in the browser and will be a work of T.M. often later on
in the course as we learn how to connect it to Flast with Jinja templating the HTL a crash course section
goals are to build the understanding of basic l tags have you be able to create HTL templates and to
be able to create forms of HVM L.
Have to assessment exercise as we go along to test your skills.
If you already feel comfortable.
H Tim L and understand different Tim L tags and how to do basic interactions with them.
Feel free to skip this section of the Course.
This is just a brief overview with a couple of lectures to make sure you understand some HMO before
moving on.
All right with that being said we'll see you in the next lecture.